GH-101362: Optimise PurePath(PurePath(...)) (#101667)
python/cpython: Doc/library/pathlib.rst

      PurePosixPath('setup.py')

   Each element of *pathsegments* can be either a string representing a
   path segment, or an object implementing the :class:`os.PathLike` interface

>    which returns a string, such as another path object::

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   where the :meth:`~os.PathLike.__fspath__` method returns a string,
   such as another path object::
```
